Add `LinkInline` guidelines, anatomy, and specs (#1484)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/link/inline/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

- To navigate to a new destination, either internally or externally.
- Within a block of body text or other text element.

### When not to use

- As a standalone element, consider [Standalone Link](/components/link/standalone).
- To trigger an action or event, like a form submission, consider [Button](/components/button).

## Usage in Figma

The Inline Link is only published as a component in Ember, there is no corresponding component in Figma. To achieve the same results, apply **text** and **color** styles from the [Foundations library](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?type=design&node-id=2130%3A2&t=6XBReWOxMRTiW1Iv-1) to your text.

The Ember component inherits the styles of the text around it, ensure that the font weight defined in Figma is the same as the body text it is contained within.

- Text styles can be found under text styles `Body` or `Code`.
- Color styles:
    - `Components / Link inline / Foreground / Primary`
    - `Components / Link inline / Foreground / Secondary`

!!! Info

In Figma we publish links with a font-weight of `Medium`. Depending on the surrounding text the link style may need to be overriden to match.

> !!!

Author: I weaved these together a bit.

## Color

### Primary

We recommend using the `primary` variant as the default and for more important links.

#### Primary example

<span class="hds-typography-body-300">Lorem ipsum <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @href="...">dolor</Hds::Link::Inline> sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</span>

### Secondary

> Use the secondary variant for less important links, when the primary link can’t be used, or when there are multiple links in a block of text.

Reviewer: > when there are multiple links in a block of text.

This part may get confusing for consumers. What would we expect a consumer to do if one paragraph has only 1 link and the next paragraph has multiple links? It would be a little strange to have a mix-and-match of link styles.

Author: I've added some clarifying content around this topic.

## Usage

### When to use

- To navigate to a new destination, either internally or externally.

> - Wihtin a block of body text or other text element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Within a block of body text or other text element.
```

### When not to use

- As a standalone element, consider [Standalone Link](/components/link/standalone)
- To trigger an action or event, like a form submission, consider [Button](/components/button)

## Usage in Figma

> The Inline Link is only published as a component in Ember, there is no corresponding component in Figma. To achieve the same results apply **text** and **color** styles from the [Foundations library](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?type=design&node-id=2130%3A2&t=6XBReWOxMRTiW1Iv-1) to your text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Inline Link is only published as a component in Ember, there is no corresponding component in Figma. To achieve the same results, apply **text** and **color** styles from the [Foundations library](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?type=design&node-id=2130%3A2&t=6XBReWOxMRTiW1Iv-1) to your text.
```

> - Text styles can be found under text styles `Body` or `Code`.

Reviewer 3: Technically (and practically) also headings can have links, no? (even if rare)
So should we include also `Display` here?

Author: That's a good point, also probably warrants a bit of additional guidance around when that might be appropriate. In my view, ideally never, but I know I've seen it.

Reviewer: atm, we don't support this as a style in Figma though, which is what this section is talking about.

Making an actual change to offer it as a style in Figma is outside the scope of this ticket and warrants a larger discussion about whether or not this is something we want to support.

- Color styles:
    - `Components / Link inline / Foreground / Primary`
    - `Components / Link inline / Foreground / Secondary`

## Color

### Primary

We recommend using the `primary` variant as the default and for more important links.

#### Primary example

<span class="hds-typography-body-300">Lorem ipsum <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @href="...">dolor</Hds::Link::Inline> sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</span>

### Secondary

> Use the secondary variant for less important links, when the primary link can't be used, or when there are multiple links in a block of text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the secondary variant for less important links, when the primary link can’t be used, or when there are multiple links in a block of text.
```

There is no straight-forward method to add an icon within a block of text in Figma. Include this information in the engineering hand-off if intending to use an Inline Link with an icon.

!!!

### Trailing

In most cases, use trailing icons as this breaks up the text less and has a smaller impact on the readability of the link within a block of text.

<span class="hds-typography-body-300">Lorem ipsum <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @icon="external-link" @iconPosition="trailing" @href="...">dolor</Hds::Link::Inline> sit amet.</span>

### Leading

Use a leading icon when using service icons (e.g., GitHub).

<span class="hds-typography-body-300">Edit this page on <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @icon="github" @iconPosition="leading" @href="...">GitHub</Hds::Link::Inline>.</span>

## Content

!!! Do

Highlight the most relevant word or short phrase as it relates to the target of the link. For example:

<span class="hds-typography-body-300">Learn more about deploying a Vault Cluster on HCP in the HashiCorp Developer <Hds::Link::Inline @color="primary" @icon="external-link" @iconPosition="trailing" @href="...">tutorial library</Hds::Link::Inline>.</span>

!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't wrap an entire sentence or text block in a link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t wrap an entire sentence or text block in a link.
```

## Usage

### When to use

- To navigate to a new destination, either internally or externally.
- Within a block of body text or other text element.

### When not to use

- As a standalone element, consider [Standalone Link](/components/link/standalone)
- To trigger an action or event, like a form submission, consider [Button](/components/button)

## Usage in Figma

The Inline Link is only published as a component in Ember, there is no corresponding component in Figma. To achieve the same results, apply **text** and **color** styles from the [Foundations library](https://www.figma.com/file/oQsMzMMnynfPWpMEt91OpH/HDS-Product---Foundations?type=design&node-id=2130%3A2&t=6XBReWOxMRTiW1Iv-1) to your text.

> - Text styles can be found under text styles `Body`, `Code`, or `Display`.

Reviewer: There's only 1 weight of the link in a Figma style, though. We should indicate that folks may need to change the weight based on the surrounding text as the weight should be inherited from the content around the link.

> - Text styles can be found under text styles `Body`, `Code`, or `Display`.

Reviewer 4: We don't have `Display` link styles
